Readme.md, before:

The extension can be rebranded and rewritten to better emphasize its **simplicity** and **minimal, hassle-free experience** while maintaining a modern, developer-focused appeal.

***

## Gimme That! ! – The Minimal Mass Downloader for Your Browser

### Description  
A truly **minimalist**, fast, and hassle-free mass downloader for your browser. Designed to be lean, intuitive, and free of clutter, Gimme That! ! puts downloading in your hands—no distractions, just efficient downloading.

***
Gimme That! !’s philosophy: **Less is more. The core features you need, nothing you don’t.**  
This approach ensures a **minimal, clean, and efficient** mass downloader.

### Release Notes

#### v2.6  
With this update, Gimme That! ! becomes faster, lighter, and more focused on a seamless user experience.


- Optional locales removed for greater speed and less bloat.
- Settings page fully modernized for clarity and ease.
- Native tooltips and sounds replace custom features, keeping things simplified and integrated.


***

### Requirements

- [node](https://nodejs.org/en/)  
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)  
- [python3](https://www.python.org/) ≥ 3.6 (for zip builds)  
- [web-ext](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-ext) (if developing in Firefox)  

***

### Setup

Install dependencies first with:
```bash
yarn
```

***

### Making Changes

Edit the files using any code editor. To watch for changes and re-bundle automatically, run:
```bash
yarn watch
```

For a one-time build, use:
```bash
yarn build
```

***

### Running in Firefox

Install `web-ext` separately (not as a dependency). Then, run:
```bash
yarn webext
```
This uses a separate Firefox profile in `../GT.p` and automatically reloads the extension upon changes.  
For unsigned builds, run:
```bash
yarn build
```
Then install the generated zip into Firefox Nightly or Unbranded builds.

***

### Running in Chrome/Chromium

After building:
- Enable Developer Mode in Extensions.
- Use "Load Unpacked" to open your build directory.

***

### Making Release Zips

Create unsigned zips for all browsers with:
```bash
yarn build
```
For official release mode:
```bash
python3 util/build.py --mode=release
```

Outputs go in `web-ext-artifacts`.

- `-fx.zip`: Firefox  
- `-crx.zip`: Chrome/Chromium  
- `-opr.zip`: Opera  

***

### Contribution Guidelines

- Run eslint before submitting patches.
- Prefer typescript over javascript.
- Ship only essential external dependencies.
- Submit code as Pull Requests, rebased onto the latest `master`.

***

### Code Structure

- `uikit/` – Core UI components (e.g., VirtualTable, ContextMenu).
- `lib/` – Backend routines and core logic.
- `windows/` – All interactive HTML and scripts for the UI.
- `style/` – CSS and images.

***

Commit message:

Update branding and release ID for extension
Rebranded the extension in Readme.md to emphasize user-focused simplicity and updated release notes for v4.99. Changed RELEASE_ID in util/build.py to reflect the new release.

Readme.md, after:

***

## Gimme That! ! – The Minimal Mass Downloader for Your Browser

### Description  
A truly **user-focused**, fast, and hassle-free mass downloader for your browser. Designed to be lean, intuitive, and free of clutter, Gimme That! ! puts downloading in your hands—no distractions, just efficient downloading.

***
Gimme That! !’s philosophy: **Less is more. The core features you need, nothing you don’t.**  
This approach ensures a **minimal, clean, and efficient** mass downloader.

### Release Notes
#### v4.99
The extension is being rebranded and rewritten to better emphasize its **simplicity** and **minimal, hassle-free experience** to be more user-focused while maintaining a modern, developer-focused appeal.


#### v2.6  
With this update, Gimme That! ! becomes faster, lighter, and more focused on a seamless user experience.


- Optional locales removed for greater speed and less bloat.
- Settings page fully modernized for clarity and ease.
- Native tooltips and sounds replace custom features, keeping things simplified and integrated.


***

### Requirements

- [node](https://nodejs.org/en/)  
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)  
- [python3](https://www.python.org/) ≥ 3.6 (for zip builds)  
- [web-ext](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-ext) (if developing in Firefox)  

***

### Setup

Install dependencies first with:
```bash
yarn
```

***

### Making Changes

Edit the files using any code editor. To watch for changes and re-bundle automatically, run:
```bash
yarn watch
```

For a one-time build, use:
```bash
yarn build
```

***

### Running in Firefox

Install `web-ext` separately (not as a dependency). Then, run:
```bash
yarn webext
```
This uses a separate Firefox profile in `../GT.p` and automatically reloads the extension upon changes.  
For unsigned builds, run:
```bash
yarn build
```
Then install the generated zip into Firefox Nightly or Unbranded builds.

***

### Running in Chrome/Chromium

After building:
- Enable Developer Mode in Extensions.
- Use "Load Unpacked" to open your build directory.

***

### Making Release Zips

Create unsigned zips for all browsers with:
```bash
yarn build
```
For official release mode:
```bash
python3 util/build.py --mode=release
```

Outputs go in `web-ext-artifacts`.

- `-fx.zip`: Firefox  
- `-crx.zip`: Chrome/Chromium  
- `-opr.zip`: Opera  

***

### Contribution Guidelines

- Run eslint before submitting patches.
- Prefer typescript over javascript.
- Ship only essential external dependencies.
- Submit code as Pull Requests, rebased onto the latest `master`.

***

### Code Structure

- `uikit/` – Core UI components (e.g., VirtualTable, ContextMenu).
- `lib/` – Backend routines and core logic.
- `windows/` – All interactive HTML and scripts for the UI.
- `style/` – CSS and images.

***
